The Morning After
=================

.. note:: Sunday September 25, 2022

Herman Crowbell woke up late. He picked up his phone from the bedside
table, and looked at the time.

12:42. Urgh.

He tried to remember last night. Rob and Louise had come over for
dinner. He couldn't remember what time they left. In fact, he couldn't
remember the end of the evening. At all.

He felt next to him for his wife Gwin. She wasn't there. Of course not.
It was 12:42 in the afternoon.

He lay in bed for about half an hour. Just lying there. Thinking about
the night before. What had they talked about? Maybe the Dobbs decision?
That had come up before, but last night Herman remembered the
conversation ranged from education, and parents' rights, to whiskey and
whisky, and why the South likes whiskey that tastes like sunshine and
summer rain, and the Scots like whisky that tastes like smoke and salt
and sea. And after that it was like the night had a big hole in it. Did
he pass out? He hadn't passed out like that since Yale, and he
definitely didn't drink as much last night as he had then. ... Had he?
He didn't have a headache. His belly felt a little sore though.

He decided to get up. Maybe he'd find Gwinny in the livingroom. As he
sat up he felt a deep ache in his stomach. He looked down, lifted his
pajama shirt, and there, about two inches south west of his belly
button, was an inch an a half of surgical stitches! What. The fuck?!

"Gwin!" he called, as he got to his feet, and walked down the passage
into the livingroom. "Gwin!"

She was sitting on the sofa, still in her pajamas, cradling a mug of
coffee and looking at something on her iPad. "Gwin. Why do I have
stitches on my belly?!"

"What?!" said Gwin.

"I have stitches on my belly! Look," Herman said, lifting his pajama
shirt. "What the fuck happened last night? I can't remember anything
after about 10 or 11."

Gwin peered at Herman's abdomen.

Gwin said, "We need to call Rob and Louise. I also overslept. I can't
remember anything after about 10 either. This morning the livingroom,
the kitchen and the lounge were spotless. Something weird happened. I
don't know. I'm calling Louise." And she picked up her phone.

"Hey Louise, how are you? ... We're fine too, but something weird, I
don't know, what, happened last night?"

"Put her on speaker," said Herman.

"Louise, Louise, wait sorry to interrupt, I'm putting you on speaker,
cos Herman is here and he's also, uh, he also doesn't know." Louise
took the phone from her ear, pressed the "Speaker" icon, and put the
phone on the coffee table.

"Hi Herman?" said Louise on the phone.

"Hi Louise," Herman said cautiously.

"How are you feeling?"

"I'm OK, except for these stitches on my stomach. What the hell happened
last night?"

"Oh my god, yeah! You don't remember?!"

"No I don't remember!"

"You accidentally cut yourself with a kitchen knife. We were having
cheese in the lounge, and you were using a kitchen knife to cut that
Wensleydale with the cranberries, and you must have slipped somehow,
and you cut yourself pretty badly. Gwin had already gone to bed about
half an hour earlier, and so Rob and I took you to the E.R.. They fixed
you up pretty quickly. Then we brought you home and you went to bed. We
cleaned up a little, cos nobody wants to wake up to that after the kind
of night you had. We also brought your clothes home and washed them,
cos you bled on them. But they're fine. It all came out in the wash. We
can bring them through a bit later."

"Oh my god! I don't know what to say, Louise. I guess firstly, thank
you. Thank you for taking care of me, and for cleaning up the house.
And then, sorry. What a drama!"

"No problem at all Herman. These little accidents happen. I'm so glad
we could help, and everything worked out OK. And, of course, if there
is anything else we can do, please let us know."

"No no, I'm sure we'll be fine. One other thing though. Did we drink a
lot? I can't remember any of this. Gwin can't either."

"Well, it wasn't A LOT a lot, but it was quite a bit, you know, and
Gwin was feeling tired. But maybe something with mixing anaesthetic
with wine and whisky ... maybe, I mean, that doesn't sound recommended,
but, you know, better than not having anaesthetic, right?"

"Yeah. That makes sense. Well, thanks again Louise, and please thank
Rob for me too."

"Yes, thank you both for looking after my husband, Louise," said Gwin.

"You're welcome guys. It was nothing. I'll let Rob know, and we'll send
your clothes over later."

"OK, thanks."

"OK, bye now."

"Bye."

Gwin and Herman looked at each other.

"Wow." said Gwin.

"Damn." said Herman.

And for a couple of months, that was that.
