A Pain in the Gut
=================

.. note:: Thursday December 8, 2022

Neither aspirin nor acetaminophen were making much difference to Herman
Crowbell's mild but constant belly ache, and ibuprofen was trying
valiantly, but struggling. Thursday morning, Herman decided it was time
to visit his GP.

Mike Porter had been Herman's GP for decades. They went to the same
church. Herman was 51 years old, and he'd been through a few things
with his GP.

.. todo: what is a table-bed-thing called?

After asking after each other's families and a little catch-up, Mike
asked Herman to lie down on the doctor's table-bed-thing for a "little
look see". He took out his stethoscope, lifted Herman's shirt, and
noticed the scar from the stitches from that night in September.

"What's that?" Mike asked.

"Oh, well, that's an embarrassing little story," confessed Herman.
"After what must have been quite a few whiskies, I accidentally
cut myself with a kitchen knife, and my friends had to take me to the
ER to get me put back together again. I say 'must have been quite a few'
because I can't remember any of it. We reckoned it must have been the
alcohol plus the anaesthetic that knocked me out."

"Hmmm," said Mike thoughtfully. "Well, at least the Supreme Court isn't
turning you into an old fuddy duddy, now is it, hey Herman?"

"You know, we need to portray a serious image, otherwise the country
wouldn't take us seriously. But," confided Herman, "between you and me,
none of the justices are really the people they want you to believe
they are."

"Ha! Oh sure! Of course. I'm a GP. I know what it means to present
confidence. If my patient's don't trust me, what kind of a quack would
I be?"

"Right! You've got it, Mike."

"OK, let's see what's going on in there," and Mike put the stethoscope
on Herman's abdomen. He moved it around slowly. He frowned a little. He
moved it around more. He looked at Herman. He ran his fingers over the
scar. He listened some more, like he was straining to hear something.

He silently got up, walked over to a cabinet, and took out a box. With
his back to Herman, he opened the box, retrieved the contents, tore
open a sachet, and put the box and the sachet in his pocket. Then he
turned back around and gave Herman a plastic stick.

"Could you go in there," Mike indicated to the restroom with his head,
"and pee on that."

"Really?"

"Really."

"OK."

A minute or so later Herman came back with the stick, and gave it to
Mike. "That looks just like a pregnancy test," said Herman.

"It does, doesn't it?" said Mike.

Dr Mike Porter stared at the test. Then he started at Herman.

"What's up, Doc?" smiled Herman, "Have you figured out what's causing my
belly ache?"

"Well, uh, I know what it can't be. It can't possibly be that you're pregnant. Because that's not possible. Have you swallowed any, uh, toys recently?"

"No?"

"What about the kind of things that a man would be too embarrassed to tell their GP, like, accidents involving anal play?"

"What?"

"Did something accidentally end up inside your but?"

"No."

"Maybe that night when you had a few whiskies?"

"Uh, they're not those kinds of friends."

"The reason I ask is that, you know, stethoscopes aren't perfect diagnostic tools, it's that something inside your abdoment has a regular rhythm. Not totally unlike a vibrator. But actually more like a fetal heartbeat."

"Well, obviously that's not it."

"I know. But then this pregnancy test says that your urine contains
human chorionic gonadotropin, or hCG, which is a hormone produced by a
placenta. Quite a lot of hCG. That test line came back fast and clear.
If you weren't, you know, male, I'd guess you're between 8 and 16 weeks
pregnant, man."

"OK, Mike, OK. You got me. That is hilarious."

"Yeah." Mike grinned. "It's wild. In all seriousness, this is crazy,
and it cannot possibly be. And I understand, whatever is inside you,
maybe you don't know how it got there, and I don't know how it got
there. I'd send you for x-rays, but that feels wrong. So I'm going to
refer you to get an ultrasound."

"I don't need an ultrasound, because I'm not pregnant."

"I know, I know, I just can't bring myself to x-ray anything that
produces hCG. Please, I may look calm, but my brain is spinning right
now, more than yours, cos this makes less sense to me than to you.
Please just humor me. I'm going to refer you to coolest obstetrician I
know. In fact, the only obstetrician I could refer a man to. He is
going to love this so much. He's going to tease me about this for the
rest of my life, but he's a great guy. You'll like him."


.. note:: Monday December 12, 2022

"Holy fuck."

"Hey, Doc, you can't do this to me. What is it?"

"Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck. Justice Crowbell, there is something very
important you haven't told me. Now either this is a joke in very poor
taste on your part, or you have some extremely creative and sociopathic
enemies."

"This is not joke."

"In that case, tell me more about this scar."
