Ectopic
=======

.. note:: April 2015

"Thank you for taking my call, Bruce," said Louise Newton.

"No problem, Louise. I'm very curious what this is about." Dr Bruce
Howard responded.

"Curiosity is the reason I'm calling you. You know when you've got a
splinter in your finger, and every time you do something that touches
it, it pricks you? Well your newspaper clipping has been like that in
my brain. I keep thinking about that woman with the ectopic pregnancy.
And I have questions."

"OK. Well, I love questions. Ask away."

"I guess firstly, how often does this happen?"

"Ectopic pregnancies are not uncommon. Maybe even 1 in 100. But they are
very painful, and of course dangerous, and the pregnancy will be
terminated as soon as possible. Preferably with medication, but surgery
if necessary."

"Right. Of course. But that woman didn't seek any medical advice."

"Yah, that's right."

"OK, so how often does that happen?"

"Only in cases where the mother is in a remote rural environment, or
desperately poor, or maybe, rarely, in a very conservative religious
setting, and too afraid to seek professional help."

"Oh, yeah, what I was getting at is how often does the placenta attach
to the kidney."

"Great question. I don't know. I guess it might depend on where the
fallopian tube bursts. I mean you've got a lot going on in there. You've
got the intestines, and the bladder and the kidneys and the liver. If
the placenta can't pull in the nutrients it needs, the fetus will
die."

"Right." There was a moment of silence as Louise pondered, and then she
continued, "So first the zygote needs, what, protein, like yolk in a
chicken egg, so it can divide, and then it becomes placenta and fetus,
and needs blood and oxygen and stuff."

"Yah, very basically, yah. You've skipped a few steps, like the zygote
starts off as a blastocyte, and it has a protective shell as it passes
down the fallopian tube. Progesterone prepares the endometrium -- the
wall of the uterus -- for the blastocyte. The blastocyte breaks out of
its shell, and implants in the endometrium -- they exchange hormones to
help it attach. The outer layer of the blastocyte becomes the placenta.
The inner cells become an embryo, and then a fetus. In the case of the
woman in the newspaper clipping, obviously all of that happened in the
fallopian tube, and by the time the fallopian tube burst, the placenta
was big enough to be pushed against the kidney, and to attach to it
successfully.

"Right. ... Huh. ... Well, Dr Howard, thank you very much for your time.
This has been fascinating."

"You are welcome Ms Nelson. Glad I could feed that curiosity of yours."

"Have a great day further."

"You too. Bye now."


.. note:: Monday December 12, 2022. 10:20 AM

"Herman. This does not make a lot of sense, but I can only go with what
I am seeing in front of me, and try to build up a narrative around
that," stated Dr Peter Buchanan.

"OK?"

"You say that you got this scar when you accidentally cut yourself, and
you had a couple friends over for dinner. But you don't actually
remember the incident. They just told you afterwards."

"Yeah, that's right," confirmed Herman Crowbell.

"So, if we forget everything anyone said, and look only at the facts,
here is what we've got: You have an incision on your abdoment. It's
straight, about three fingers long. It's not a tear. You got it at the
end of September. It's now the middle of December. And you have a
placenta attached to your kidney, containing a human fetus roughly at
the start of its second trimester."

"What?! ... WHAT?!"

"Yeah."

"That's impossible."

"Yeah."

"How?"

"I don't know. But if I had to guess, I would say someone drugged you.
Someone with medical training made an incision, and somehow, using a
method I have never heard of, attached a blastocyte onto your left
kidney."

"A what?"

"A blastocyte is the thing that becomes a fetus. It's what implants
into the wall of the uterus. But in your case, it's attached to your
kidney."

"Oh my goodness."

"These friends of yours. Is either of them a doctor?"

"No. One of them is an engineer and the other is a lawyer."

"Do you have security cameras at your home?"

"Sure."

"I think you need to look back at that night, and see if anything
unusual happened."

"Well they said they took me to the E.R."

"Which hospital?"

"I don't know," said Herman. "I never asked."

"Find out. Speak to the hospital. Find out if you were actually there,
and what happened."

"I will definitely do that."

"And then," asked Peter, "please let me know what you discover. This
is ... extraordinary."

Herman just looked at him. He had no words.

Dr Buchanan thought, "I'm not sure this is the right time for this, but
maybe it will give you a positive way to frame your situation. There's
been a movie about this, you know? Starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. I
forget what it was called. It's about a pregnant man. Well. Life
imitates art. Arnold Schwarzenegger played you. That's something."

"Oh!" Peter suddenly added, "Obviously we need to get rid of this
immediately!"

Herman was still looking at him.

"Yes." Dr Buchanan asserted, "This will kill you."

"Does it have a heartbeart?" Justice Crowbell asked.

"What? Yes. It's about 12 weeks old. I'd say it's just over 2 inches
long."

"So it's got a heartbeat." Herman wanted Dr Buchanan to confirm.

"Don't you know this stuff? Don't you guys make legal decisions about
this?"

"Yes, but we solicit the advice of doctors and religious experts."

"Religious experts."

"Yes, these are moral decisions, not just medical ones."

"Right. Well. Yeah, the 'heartbeat bill', as you know, bans abortion
from six weeks of gestation, which is about four weeks after
conception. Pregnancy is measured from the L.M.P. or last menstrual
period and most often conception happens roughly two weeks after that.
So your fetus had what legislators refer to as a 'heartbeat' at four
weeks. I don't mean to be deprecating or pedantic, but it's just a tube
at that point. The chambers develop a few weeks later."

"Thank you, Doctor. That's what I needed to know. There will be no
abortion then."

It was Peter's turn to stare at Herman. "As I said, this will kill you."

"You don't know that."

"You're right, women have survived abdominal pregnancies. But you're
not in your twenties any more, Herman. And even if you were, you're not
built for this. You can't be serious."

"It'a human being, Peter."

"It's a human fetus. It's consuming your calcium. It's already increased
your chances of osteoporosis. Your heart is having to do more work to
get the same amount of oxygen to your body. Everything in your body
needs to kick up a notch just in order to maintain its normal
operation. It is feeding off you. Women are evolved for this, and a
normal pregnancy is dangerous even for them after 40. You are not
evolved for this, this pregnancy is not taking place in a uterus, and
you are approaching 50. As an obsetrician, and if I say so myself a
good one, please trust me. I am advising you in the strongest possible
terms, Justice Crowbell, Herman, you need an abortion."

"Thank you Doctor Buchanan. But I'm afraid I can't do that. If this baby
kills me, at least I will have died trying to do the right thing.
Honestly, what more can an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court ask
for?"

Peter sighed. "OK. I think you're crazy. But OK. In that case, I will do
everything I can to keep you alive. Your fetus has a good chance of
surival from the seventh month, and maybe we can push that up to about
week 24. And we need to check you into hospital in about a month or so."

"OK."

"And now, Herman, I imagine you need to have an awkward conversation
with your wife."

"Hahahaha!" Herman laughed in nervous relief. "Wow. Yes, I sure do!"


.. note:: Monday December 12, 2022. 11:10 AM

By the time Herman got home, the relief has ebbed away, and all that was
left were raw nerves, and wild confusion. He had felt fine when he left
the consultation, but being alone in the car, his mind had just been
buffetted by a hurricane of thoughts. He stopped the car at the top of
the drive, and just sat. He felt an emotion well up inside. An emotion
he couldn't identify, but it was rising like a tide, until it rose over
him, and he sunk under uncontrollable sobbing.

After what must have been about half an hour, forty five minutes, he
took himself inside, and climbed into a shower. The hot water poured
down on him. He sat on the floor, hugging his knees, his head resting
on his arms, his eyes closed, breathing the humid warmth rising off his
chest. As the shower soaked his mind, his turbulent emotions started to
separate out into identifiable thoughts.

Rob and Louise had something to do with this. How could he have got them
so wrong? He thought they were kind and caring. Probably the most
liberal friends he had, but their hearts always seemed in the right
place. How could this have anything to do with them?

There is a word for non-consensual pregnancy: Rape. He was raped. He
couldn't remember anything about it, like having your drink drugged, and
then being raped.

Is that what happened? Did Rob and Louise drug his drink? And then take
him somewhere, and impregnate him?

He could check the security footage of the night like Doctor Buchanan
had suggested. He never checked it before, because he had just believed
them when they told him about the knife and the trip to the E.R. But
he'll check it now.

He got out the shower, and with a towel around his waist, made his way
to his study. He found the user guide for the security system, looked
up how to view archived footage, and then on his computer, logged in,
and navigated back to September. He found the night. He found where Rob
and Louise walked him from the front door to their car.

Their backs were to the camera. Rob was steadying him. He looked more
than drunk. He put his left arm around Rob's shoulder. He couldn't
balance himself, and his head was unstable. Louise took his right arm.
His hand was not on his belly. If he was wounded, someone would have
been applying pressure to the wound, surely, but nobody was. He did not
appear to be in pain. Just very drunk. Or drugged.

The emotions started coming back. He stared at the screen, the image
blurred, as tears rolled down his face. He realized was shaking.

He took himself to bed, curled into the fetal position, and cried, until
he fell asleep from emotional exhaustion.
