News
====

.. note:: Friday December 16, 2022

"Hi, am I speaking to Dee-Ann Freeman?"

"This is she."

"Ms Freeman, I have read your work, and I think you are the kind of
journalist I need to speak to. I am calling you because Congressman Bill
Palatine of South Carolina is secretly in a private room in Inova
Fairfax Hospital in Falls Church Virginia. He is scheduled for an
abortion tomorrow morning."

Dee-Ann Freeman was a little confused. "I'm sorry, who is scheduled for
an abortion? And who are you?"

The woman at the other end said, "You can call me Jane for now -- let's
see how we get along. The congressman himself is scheduled for an
abortion."

Dee-Ann sighed, "Urgh. Are you a crazy person? This job attracts the
crazies."

Jane assured her, "My mental health is just great Ms Freeman. In fact I
am cherishing this moment. I know the congressman is pregnant, because
I impregnated him myself. The details might get a little 'inside
baseball' for someone without a medical education, but I'd be happy to
chat about it all over a coffee soon. But for now, see if you can get a
team over to the Inova Fairfax. I'll give you a call back on Monday."

"No," interrupted Dee-Ann. "No, if this is true, I'm going to need to
see you tomorrow morning at the latest. I'm going to need to confirm
your identity, Jane. 'Extraordinary claims require extraordinary
evidence', as Carl Sagan said, so you're going to need to give me a lot
of evidence to support this very extraordinary story. I will protect
your identity, of course. You can trust me. But I need to be able to
trust you. This will explode."

"I am relying on it," said Jane. "We all are. Everyone with a uterus
needs these fuck knuckles to understand, to really understand, what
they are doing."


.. note:: Monday, December 19, 2022, 7:43 AM

"Herman!" shouted Gwin Crowbell, "Herman, go to the New York Chronicle's
website."

"What's up Gwin? What's happened?" asked her husband.

"It's not just you, Herman!" she shouted from downstairs. "A congressman
from South Carolina is also pregnant. Well, he was."

.. todo: interview by Dee-Ann with Jane

.. note:: Monday, December 19, 2022, 8:00 PM

Rick Bellingend-Hoff opened his show, "Burning Questions", with an
unequivocal statement: "This time Antifa has gone *way* too far!

"This is nothing short of an act of terrorism. Nobody has claimed
responsibility for this act, but we can be certain that no
right-thinking America could possibly commit anything close to this
scale of savagery, and inhumanity. You may not believe in Satan, but I
assure you, an act of this type of depravity could only have originated
in a mind possessed by a demon from the depths of Hell.

"I would not blame you for missing the story that that left-wing rag,
the New York Chronicle, proudly proclaimed this morning; I don't read
it either. But it is truly sickening.

"Someone surgically implanted a man -- can we still use that word? -- a
penised person -- a congressman to be specific, with a human fetus.
They surgically impregnated him. Raped him, essentially. And now the
woke lunatics on the left are heralding this as a victory for the
rights of pregnant people. Or something. Who knows what's going through
their scrambled minds? All I know is that they sentenced a baby to it's
death, and they seriously endangered the life of a congressman.

"That is not just murder and attempted murder. I don't think it's a
stretch to state that it is nothing short of an act of terrorism
against our society. It is clearly intended to strike fear into the
hearts of men, yes, men by the real meaning of that word, that they can
be violated in this way. But perhaps more importantly, it is meant to
strike fear into the hearts of women, that their divinely-ordained and
sacred role in society can be usurped. And it is also a giant, corrupted
middle-finger to our Creator, a most Satanic defilement of the order
that *He*, established.

"After the break, joining me to share with us his harrowing experience,
is none other than Congressman Bill Palatine, Republican representative
for the 8th district of South Carolina, who has suffered and survived an
ordeal never before experienced by a man since the establishment of
God's perfect creation."

Herman Crowbell switched off the TV. He noticed he was shaking again. He
kept staring at the black screen as tears ran down his face. His wife
hugged him and held his head against her cheek.

"Let's go to bed," suggested Gwin, and with her arm around him, she
guided him upstairs.


.. note:: Tuesday, December 20, 2022, 09:01 AM

"Good morning, Justice Crowbell?"

"Hi there. Is this Jonathan Whittaker-Innes?"

"It is, sir. Thank you, and please thank your P.A. Emily, for arranging
this call," said Jonathan.

"Well, thank you for fitting me into your schedule," responded Justice
Crowbell. "You can call me Herman, because this conversation is going
to get personal quickly. But first I need to let you know that I have
installed an app on my phone that is recording our conversation."

"That's OK," assured Whittaker-Innes.

Crowbell continued, "And I need an assurance from you that you will not
publish anything we talk about without putting the final copy past me
first."

"Well, sir, the nature of my job is such that I work on very tight
deadlines, and that might not always be possible," Jonathan
equivocated.

"Mr. Whittaker-Innes, make it possible. In return I will guarantee you
that what we are about to discuss is of the highest importance to me. I
have informed the other justices on the bench that I will be taking the
next six to twelve months off for an important family matter. Right now
my top priority is to be able to influence the narrative on this
subject, and I would like you to be my agent, in a sense, to do that.
Is that amenable to you?" posed Herman.

"That sounds reasonable."

"One more thing, before we begin." Herman checked, "Everything we
discuss is held in the highest confidence, of course. I have the NDA
you signed, I just want you to confirm that you did indeed read it."

"Of course, Justice Crowbell. I was happy to sign your NDA, but my
professional reputation depends on my journalistic integrity, and I
believe my career bears testimony to that."

"Indeed. Well, let's get started then, and again, please call me
Herman."

"You have all of my attention, Herman," prompted Jonathan.

Herman took a breath, and jumped in. "Bill Palatine, the recently
pregnant congressman from South Carolina, is not the only pregnant man.
I know of one other. Myself."

"Damn," whispered Jonathan. "Sorry, Herman," he apologised. "I was not
expecting that."

"Oh, now I'm curious, what were you expecting?" asked Herman.

"I don't know really," said Jonathan, "but I assumed that this had
something to do with the Supreme Court."

"I am sure that this has everything to do with the Supreme Court,"
stated Herman.

The justice went on to narrate the sequence of events as he was aware of
them. He spoke of Louise Newton and Rob Searle, and that he believed
that the group of actors must be larger than just the two of them. He
needed to pause a couple times, but he kept his emotions in check. The
journalist waited until he was finished.

"Thank you, Herman. Thank you for coming to me with this."

"I am trusting you, Jonathan."

"I will not fail you. You said that you want to influence the narrative
on this. The fact that I work for the Washington Mercury, a publication
with a center-right editorial, must have influenced your decision to
choose me."

"Absolutely," confirmed Herman. "The fringes on both sides of the aisle
are going to go wild, they have already started, and the volume will
just keep turning up. I need you and your organization to try to rein
this back in as best you can. Louise and Rob have broken my trust in
the mosty violent way, but I still know them, and I can imagine their
motivation. They want both congress and the judiciary to understand
bodily autonomy the way only a woman can understand it."

"Yeah," Jonathan gave a verbal nod.

Herman continued, "These activists are obviously wanting to trigger a
public outcry about bodily autonomy -- a Me Too moment, a George Floyd
moment, but for the Pro-Choice movement. They have thrown a hand
grenade. But it is my job, not just as a judge, but in order to be true
to my nature, to represent the voice of reason. Each side of this
debate treats it as a binary: that either a baby has a right to life,
or a woman has a right to bodily autonomy. But in reality these two
rights are both real, and in conflict with one another. I do have a
right to bodily autonomy, and that right has been violated, and
continues to be violated. But the human inside me still has a right to
life, and I am determined to defend that right, at the risk of my own
life. I will be making a public statement, and I need your skill and
the support of your organization to tell America that this is not a
simple issue. It requires clarity, and duty. Not hyperbole. Not
hysteria. We cannot let the fringes drag us down. We must come
together, and show the world how we deal with difficult problems."

"That, sir, was very well put," said Jonathan. "OK. I will take all
this to my editor. We will put a team together, we will write some
pieces, and I will send them through to you in a few hours. We will
talk more then."


.. note:: Tuesday, December 20, 2022, 09:25 AM

"Hi, Dee-Ann Freeman?"

"This is she," Said Dee-Ann.

"Hi. My name is Louise Newton. I believe you have spoken with my
associate Jane."


.. note:: Wednesday, December 21, 2022, 07:57 AM

"Jonathan Whittaker-Innes. This needs to be quick," Jonathan
Whittaker-Innes answered.

"Jonathan. This is Dee-Anne Freeman from the New York Chronicle. I know
this call is not conventional. But I think we need to talk. I feel I
know you well enough to know that we are arguing for the same
principles."

"Let me stop you right there, Dee-Ann," interrupted Jonathan. "If you
actually knew me, you would know that my primary principle is my
career. And I am not going to destroy it for whatever you *think* my
principles are."

"I am not asking you to destroy your career. I'm asking you to make the
world a better place, and I believe that's what you're charged with
doing right now. I think you can be more effective if you collaborate
with me," proposed Dee-Ann.

"Not at the risk of my career," Jonathan reiterated.

"No," Dee-Ann assured, "Not at the risk of your career."

"Right. Well, you have two minutes, and then I have a call. Let's hear
it."

Dee-Ann started, "How would you like this to pan out, say, five years
down the line?"

Jonathan thought, "Well I hope this whole abortion issue becomes
settled, one way or the other."

"One way or the other?" Dee-Ann sounded incredulous, "You don't care
which way?"

"Well, ideally I'd prefer women to have a choice, of course, but I
don't think I get to weigh in on that. I just report on it."

"You're a shit ally, Jonathan Whittaker-Innes. You have an opportunity
here to help the other half of humanity. My half. So, on behalf of my
half, I'm asking you, pitching you even. Step up. Be the fucking hero
who hides inside of you. We just need to align on the message we're
putting out. You don't have to tell me what you're going to write. I
just want to know that you're not just hammering a simplistic pro-life
message."

"I am lucky enough to have a smart readership. I appreciate that women
have an obvious agenda here, but who's speaking up for the unborn?
They're the real underdogs in this story."

"Jesus, Jonathan. Are you married? Do you have a girlfriend or
something?" asked Dee-Ann.

"Something." Jonathan did not commit.

"Right, well, if your Something were to fall pregnant, Jonathan, and
through some tragic accident of nature, some anomaly of pregnancy, she
had a choice between the life of her uninvited womb squatter, and her
own life, which underdog would you be cheering on?"

"Yeah, OK. Clearly it's not simple."

"Yes, Jonathan. Thank you. There is no real underdog. There are real
people, and there are pre-people, and they all have value, but they're
not the same."

Jonathan felt lectured.

Dee-Ann sighed. "Hmmm. I didn't mean to---Look. Will you work with me
here?"

Jonathan thought. And then hedged, "I'm not committing to anything. But
I will say this: I am sympathetic to your point of view. We do want the
same future. I will make sure that my output respects that."

"Well, that's not as much as I was hoping for, but it is more than I
expected. Thank you, Jonathan. Good chat."

"Ha. Good chat, Dee-Ann. I'll see you round."

"You will indeed. Read you later, Jonathan."
