Coopetition
===========

.. note:: Wednesday morning, December 21, 2022

Speaking to Jonathan Whittaker-Innes had made a huge difference to
Herman Crowbell. It gave him a sense of agency. He wasn't just a victim
of a violent crime. He now had a purpose: To wrestle back the public
narrative, and to play the role of champion of the rights of the
unborn.

Spurred by this growing feeling of confidence, he decided to call
Louise.

"Hi Herman," Louise answerd her cellphone.

"Hi Louise," said Herman. He waited.

"I guess this is suddenly all very real for you now," she said.

"Well, I have certainly learned a lot about you," Herman stated.

"What have you learned?" asked Louise.

"First up," started Herman, "I learned that I can't trust you, that you
are not my friend, and you probably never were."

"That's not true." Louise stopped him.

"What? Friends don't rape friends, Louise."

"It's more complicated than that, Herman. I would leave it there, but
you are a smart man, and so, if you're interested, I can unpack this
for you."

"Sure," prompted Herman. "Please tell me how drugging someone, cutting
them open, implanting them with a baby, and then lying to them about
it, is something that someone can do to their friend."

"OK. Well. I have a lot of respect for you, Herman. I think despite the
way left-wing media portrayed you during your Supreme Court nomination
process, you are a fundamentally good person. I like you, and I care
about you. And I would hope that over the years you have known me, that
I've made my feelings clear to you. That has never been a lie."

"You say that Louise, but you are what you do. Look at what you've
done." Herman pointed out, "That's a contradiction. Even if I wanted to
believe you, your actions speak so much louder than these platitudes."

"Yeah. We are all complex people. There is something that is more
important to me than our friendship, and that is the lives and
well-being of thousands of women and their families, that you are
destroying with the Dobbs decision. Despite how much I care about you,
Herman, I need you to have a real understanding of what your decision
means. Do you think that people should have the right to decide what
they do with their own bodies? Or do you think only the government gets
to decide?"

"We've talked about this before, Louise," Herman reminded her. "You're a
lawyer. It's obvious to the both of us that countries need laws. People
can't murder people."

"It's not a person. And even if it was, it doesn't have the right to
your body."

"OK. Wait." Herman took a breath. "Before we do this, can we step back?"

"Sure," said Louise.

"Why me?" asked Herman. "If I'm your friend, why do this to me? Why not
one of the other justices?"

"We didn't think it would have been possible to do this to one of the
others. You were our only option. And please believe me when I say that
this was not easy for me."

"I wasn't your only option. There is also Bill Palatine of South
Carolina."

"Actually he was the one who started this all off," Louise divulged.

"How?"

"I represented his P.A., who he got pregnant, and tried to cover up.
Like, abortions should be illegal for his constituents, but not for
him. They're always happy to fuck up other people's lives, but the
rules -- the rules that they wrote -- those rules never apply to
them."

"OK. So you decided to impregnate us -- one hypocritical congressman,
and one Supreme Court justice. And you think that's going to change
things."

"Well so far, nothing else has worked, has it?" Louise asked
rhetorically.

"What are you hoping for, Louise. What is your best-case scenario?"
Herman was pretty sure she hadn't thought this through very well.

"Look at the Republicans in Congress. Look at the judges they nominate.
Almost all of them have bodily autonomy all of the time. They can't fall
pregnant. A fight between men is not the same as being raped -- the
power differential, the humilitation, the subjugation. It's right there
in the Ten Commandments: 'Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife.'
Men have rights; women are property. Anyway, I wanted all those
legislators and judges to feel real empathy for their brothers -- like
for someone in their in-group. If they feel a sense of loss of a right
that they have never lost before, maybe then they will enshrine that
right into law." Louise hoped that she had explained herself well
enough.

"OK," said Herman. "For the record, I'm going to carry this baby until
it's delivered, hopefully alive. But I suspect you may get your wish.
You're also going to go to jail."

"Probably. My going to jail will give the political right a feeling of
retribution. But it will only make me more of a hero to the left."

"Hmmm," thought Herman, "You know what bothers me?"

"What?" asked Louise.

"You're thinking about this like it's a binary option. You all are.
Pro-life. Pro-choice. Either or. But that's not what's happening here.
Yeah, we should all have bodily autonomy. But also, if you look at a
baby born after 7 months, you can see it's a little person. We
instinctively know that it's not OK to put it down like an old dog."

"Where are you going with this, Herman?" Louise was suspicious.

"I'm saying I believe you, Louise. But I'm also right. We are both
right. And the law needs to recognize that. Will you ..." suddenly
Herman found himself struggling.

"Will I?" Louise felt the anticipation.

Herman was considering collaborating with his rapist. If he paused any
longer, he'd freeze. So he pushed ahead.

"... work with me. I want to do the right thing. And you want to do the
right thing. I know that I'm right in my way. And I believe that you're
right in your way. I disagree with your methods, of course, but I
understand your motivation. So, uh, would you ... collaborate with me.
It would be really powerful, a really powerful message, if we publicly
came together, and advocated for an amendment that respected the rights
of both the mother and the fetus, and provided a framework for weighing
competing rights against each other. Maybe bodily autonomy until a
fetus is viable, and then the rights of personhood take precendence?
Something like that?"

"So, um," thought Louise, "are you saying that you're not going to press
charges?"

Herman considered this, "I don't know. I'm going to have to think about
that." And then he added, "Would you work with me if I did? Press
charges I mean?"

"Yes. I would. Sending me to prison would only hurt your cause, and
benefit my objectives. But I think you're right: Working together would
be amazing. For both of us. We can talk about how I think personhood
works some other time, but we can't get bogged down in philosophy. I
think together we can get more good out of this very complicated
situation than I ever imagined," said Louise.

"Thank you," said Herman. "I think it will take a while for me to
process this -- this has been a wild, scary, traumatic ride you've put
me on, Louise. but I'm actually feeling a little positive. Maybe."

"Me too, Herman," Louise echoed. "In fact, this is blowing my mind a
little. Thank you. I can't say how much this means to me."

"Yeah, I've been struggling with words ever since I found out what
happened. As much as I know what happened."

"Yeah, we can talk about all that later," said Louise.

"OK. OK, then. Well, bye Louise." Herman wrapped up the call.

"Yes. OK. Bye Herman." Louise took the phone from her ear, and pressed
the hangup button.

"Jesus," she said to herself. "What the fuck?" She went to her contacts,
pressed "Rob", and after a couple of seconds, said, "Babes. Babes, you
will not believe what just happened."


.. note:: Wednesday, December 21, 2022, 08:27 AM


Dee-Ann started, "How would you like this to pan out, say, five years
down the line?"

Jonathan thought, "Well I hope this whole abortion issue becomes
settled, one way or the other."

"One way or the other?" Dee-Ann sounded incredulous, "You don't care
which way?"

"Well, ideally I'd prefer women to have a choice, of course, but I
don't think I get to weigh in on that. I just report on it."

"You're a shit ally, Jonathan Whittaker-Innes. You have an opportunity
here to help the other half of humanity. My half. So, on behalf of my
half, I'm asking you, pitching you even. Step up. Be the fucking hero
who hides inside of you. We just need to align on the message we're
putting out. You don't have to tell me what you're going to write. I
just want to know that you're not just hammering a simplistic pro-life
message."

"I am lucky enough to have a smart readership. I appreciate that women
have an obvious agenda here, but who's speaking up for the unborn?
They're the real underdogs in this story."

"Jesus, Jonathan. Are you married? Do you have a girlfriend or
something?" asked Dee-Ann.

"Something." Jonathan did not commit.

"Right, well, if your Something were to fall pregnant, Jonathan, and
through some tragic accident of nature, some anomaly of pregnancy, she
had a choice between the life of her uninvited womb squatter, and her
own life, which underdog would you be cheering on?"

"Yeah, OK. Clearly it's not simple."

"Yes, Jonathan. Thank you. There is no real underdog. There are real
people, and there are pre-people, and they all have value, but they're
not the same."

Jonathan felt lectured.

Dee-Ann sighed. "Hmmm. I didn't mean to---Look. Will you work with me
here?"

Jonathan thought. And then hedged, "I'm not committing to anything. But
I will say this: I am simpathetic to your point of view. We do want the
same future. I will make sure that my output respects that."

"Well, that's not as much as I was hoping for, but it is more than I
expected. Thank you, Jonathan. Good chat."

"Ha. Good chat, Dee-Ann. I'll see you round."

"You will indeed. Read you later, Jonathan."
