The Doula, Part Two
===================

.. todo: Check
.. note:: Friday, December 23, 2022

"Are you taking calcium supplements?" Molly asked.

"Yes," answered Herman. "Gwin said I should, and bought me some."

"Oh, that's great. Which ones did she get you?"

"Just plain calcium from CVS."

"OK. That's fine," said Molly, and then asked, "Has Gwin had any
children?"

"No. We thought about it. But she's not really a kids kind of person,
and she figured she'd get mo1re fulfilment from spending that time on
her career, her marriage and her friends. And honestly, I don't think
she's been wrong. We've been very happy."

"That's great," said Molly, "and I really wish more women had the
courage to make that choice, to be honest. Good for her.

"I asked because there are a few other vitamins and nutrients you should
ensure you're getting, and the fact that she hasn't been pregnant
confirms my guess why she missed them.

"You should be getting vitamin D every day. You can get vitamin D in
eggs, red meat, and oily fish like salmon, herring, mackerel and
sardines. It's also added to some breakfast cereals. Or you take
supplements. But be careful. It is possible to take too much vitamin D.
Don't exceed 100mg a day."

"Wait," Herman interrupted. "I'm not going to remember that. Can you
write it down for me?"

"Absolutely. I've already got a little brochure about this to leave with
you."

"Perfect."

Molly continued, "You're also going to need iron and vitamin C. Lean
meat, spinach and kale, dried fruit, and nuts contain iron. And you
probably already know about vitamin C. Oranges and berries of course,
but also peppers, brocoli, brussel sprouts, and potatoes.

"Do you have a varied diet?" Molly checked.

"Yeah, pretty varied. Meat and two veg, you know." Herman added, "Maybe
salads if we have a barbeque with friends, although that hasn't happened
for a while."

"OK. Well, if you'd like to be sure, you can take a supplement for
pregnant women. But there is a teachable moment coming up, so pay
special attention to this bit."

Herman waited.

"Pregnancy supplements are going to include folic acid. It's for nerve
development in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. That's too late for us.
We've missed that. You're further along than 12 weeks. And your first
reaction might be to think that you screwed up. This will not be the
last time you will think that you screwed up. You will discover that you
screw up a lot.

"It's fine. You and I are both the end results of billions of years of
successful reproduction, and for nearly all of those billions of years,
our mothers, and mothers' mothers, were not paying attention to their
folic acid intake.

"We do the best we can with what we know at the time." She paused, to
let that sink in.

"That sounds wise," said Herman. "I think the same is true for
legislators. ... Although controversially it's not, in my opinion, true
for judges."

"Are you talking about textualism?" asked Molly.

"Yes."

"Can you explain this to me?"

"Sure. It's really very simple. Legislators, so, congress, their job is
to make laws. The job of judges is to apply laws. Chief Justice John
Roberts put it like this, he said that our job is just to call balls and
strikes."

"So, implying, not to make the rules?" Molly clarified.

"Exactly."

"Right. But my understanding is this is not the position held by the
majority of judges and lawyers."

"No, they think the judiciary should understand what legislators were
_thinking_, and apply that---apply the thoughts behind the laws instead
of the laws themselves. But there are a couple of problems with that.
Firstly, that's guessing. And secondly, if the letter of the law is not
correct, it is the job of legislators to correct it. So for the
judiciary to try to correct, or to apply anything other than the
ordinary meaning of the text, is a violation of the separation of
powers."

"Hmmm," thought Molly. "All that makes sense, but I can imagine what the
critics of textualism might say. Firstly, they might observe that the
legislature is not perfect when it comes to writing laws. Have you met
many legislators? Do you really think they're all up to the job?"

Herman laughed. "That's---"

"Wait," Molly took back the conversation, "I don't want that to be my
point. My point is that we all find ourselves in an imperfect universe,
and we all need to do everything we can to produce the best outcomes.
It's the outcomes that matter. Not the rules. Not the system. Not the
separation of powers. They say that you play the cards you're dealt, but
you also play to your opponent's hand. What I mean is that there is a
bigger picture here. There is always a bigger picture. And it's the
outcomes, in the end, and only the outcomes that matter."

"Sure, but" Herman started, "the outcome needs to be building a better
system, right? We can't all just be winging it, forever. Legislators
aren't going to change laws unless they see that they're broken. That's
why judges have to apply laws literally."

"How many more years of slavery ought the United States have endured,
without abolition, without a civil war, until the legislature, and every
state legislature, decided to abolish it?" Molly looked at Herman.

"You sound like my predecessor, Ruth."

"I know."

"You know she didn't want me to replace her."

"I know her dying wish was that she didn't want a successor to be
appointed until after the election, and a new president was installed,
as it turned out. Maybe Joe Biden would have picked you."

"Probably not," Herman stated.

"Yeah, probably not, "admitted Molly. "But not because you're not a
great justice."

"Look. You're kind. And I'm very, very proud to be on the Supreme
Court. But I'm not a great justice."

"Ah, we'll get you there," smiled Molly.
