Molly's Advice
==============

.. todo: Check
.. note:: Tuesday night, December 27, 2022

The doorbell rang, and Gwin heard Herman answer it. It sounded like a
delivery. She came downstairs and found him in the kitchen. He had
packed the dishwasher, cleaned the surfaces, and tidied things away. He
was trimming the stems of a bunch of flowers---that must have been the
delivery---and putting them in a vase.

"Hello," he said. "Would you like some tea?"

"I'd love some," said Gwin.

He didn't often get flowers, but it wasn't unheard of. Gwin wondered
whether this had anything to do with Molly.

Other than the flowers, the evening was just like any other. At the end
of it, Gwin had a shower, and went to bed.


.. todo: Check
.. note:: Wednesday morning, December 28, 2022

Herman threw up. Then he brushed his teeth, to clean them, and to
neutralize the acid in his mouth, and to get rid of the taste of vomit.
Then he had a warm mug of apple cider, with whipped cream and chocolate
sprinkles, to get rid of the taste of toothpaste, and as a reward to
himself for being pregnant. And then he had a tall glass of orange
juice, with a breakfast of double-cream yoghurt and granola.


.. todo: Check
.. note:: Wednesday evening, December 28, 2022

Gwin was watching "CSI: Las Vegas", for the third or fourth time.

Herman walked into the livingroom. "Hey Gwinny. Would you like a cup of
tea?" he asked.

"I would love a cup of tea," she replied. And off he went.

When he came back with a cup of tea, he asked, "Can I make you dinner
tonight?"

"Don't you have to work?" asked Gwin.

"Well, sure I do, but I could make dinner as well."

"I was planning chicken katsu curry with egg-fried noodles," said Gwin.
"What were you thinking of making?"

"Oh my goodness, I was just going to make pizza," Herman admitted.

"Well how about we have pizza tomorrow night?" Gwin proposed.

"That's a great idea," said Herman.

Gwin hadn't made it before, and she thought it turned out rather well.

Herman apparently thought so too. "This is amazing, my Love," he said
over dinner. And a few minutes later, "This is incredible. Can we have
it again next week?" Hmmm. Gwin was happy that he liked it.


.. todo: Check
.. note:: Thursday morning, December 29, 2022

Herman threw up. Then he brushed his teeth. Then he had a warm mug of
apple cider, with whipped cream and chocolate sprinkles. And then he had
a tall glass of orange juice, with a breakfast of double-cream yoghurt
and granola. The one with lots of nuts.

Then he poured himself another tall glass of orange juice, and took it
with him back to his study, where he was working on an opinion comparing
the text of the First Amendment with the liberties being claimed by
minorities.


.. todo: Check
.. note:: Thursday evening, December 29, 2022

Gwin heard noises coming from the kitchen, and walked through, partly to
make herself a cup of tea, and partly out of curiosity. It was always
fun making pizza with Herman. The kitchen would be transformed into a
war zone, with flour everywhere, including spread across the floor. She
would be drinking Sauvignon Blanc, and he'd be drinking beer. But now,
of course, beer was not an option, and out of solidarity she had
switched to tea. Herman had a broom out, and she could see that he'd
swept the flour. The dough was rising, and he was cutting up
ingredients, taking occasional swigs of hot apple cider.

Gwin slid her arms around his waist from behind him. "Hello," she said.

"Hey my Love."

"I came to find out what you're up to," she smiled, looking around his
shoulder.

"I'm about up to the peppers. What kind of meat would you like?" he
asked. "We've got salami. Or we could put on proscuito after the pizza
comes out? Or maybe I could fry some lardons?"

"Hmmm. Do we have artichokes?" asked Gwin.

"We do!"

"How about you bake it with peppers and mushrooms and artichokes, and
then put on some prosciuto, and tear some mozzarella on afterwards?"
suggested Gwin.

"That sounds like a great idea," agreed Herman.

He put the pizza stone in the oven to preheat it. Then he fetched a
good bottle of Californian Sauvignon Blanc from the wine fridge.

"Hey!" said Gwin, "I thought I wasn't drinking while you weren't
drinking."

"Yeah, that's very sweet and supportive of you, and I really appreciate
it," said Herman. "But what if we say it's fine for you to have wine if
we're having pizza?"

Gwin thought about this for a second, and then half-shrugged, "OK!"

They chatted a bit about Gil Grissom, and a bit about what previous
justices had said about the First Amendment.

Herman rolled out the dough. He and Gwin liked a thin base. He covered
it with tomato sauce. He crushed some oregano, and sprinkled it on.
Then he placed the ingredients to be baked, and slid it onto the pizza
stone in the oven. They talked more about "CSI: Las Vegas" in general,
and in particular what percentage of sociopaths become criminals; and of
those criminals, murderers; and of those murderers, serial killers. Gwin
explained that the vast majority of sociopaths lead unremarkable lives,
although usually lacking deep friendships. Then the pizza was ready to
be taken out of the oven.

Herman placed the prosciuto, and tore chunks of mozzarella, and placed
those two. Then he sliced it, and served it. He topped up Gwin's glass,
and they sat down to eat. The conversation meandered to crime in other
countries, whether sociopaths were more likely to join the army, why
people joined gangs, why people didn't join gangs, the idea of treating
crime as a public health issue. Gwin loved the way their conversations
meandered.

After dinner, Gwin went to have a shower.

When she got to the bedroom, Herman was lying in his pajamas, reading
something on his phone. As Gwin climbed into bed, he turned to her and
said, "I want you to know that I really appreciate how supportive you've
been. You've always been supportive, but especially recently."

Gwin smiled, "I don't always feel very supportive."

"Nobody can be supportive all the time," Herman said, "Sometimes you
need to recharge, and be supported yourself. To catch your breath.
Collect your strength. I know you've been tired recently, so I've been
trying to make a little more of an effort. We support each other.

"You know," he thought, "if you roll over, I can rub your back."

Gwin wondered whether this was one of those back rubs that ends in sex.
She hadn't had one of those for a while.

Herman tugged at her pajama top to help her take it off, and she let
him. Then she rolled onto her front.

He brushed her hair off her back with his fingers, and then gently
pushed his thumbs on either side of her spine, between her shoulder
blades. That felt good.

He pressed her shoulders. He pushed all down her spine, and across her
hips. He ran his fingers up her back, and into her hair.

His fingers stroked her scalp, and she felt more and more relaxed.

"Roll over," he whispered.

Gwin rolled over, and he pulled at her pajama pants. _Here we go,_ she
thought. She lifted her hips, and he pulled her pants and panties down,
and off. But instead of parting her knees, he straddled her hips, still
wearing his pajamas. He leaned over her, supporting himself on his
elbow, and played with her hair. He kissed her mouth, and her neck, and
ran his fingers over her shoulders, and down over her breasts.

Then he whispered, "Come with me."

"Really?" asked Gwin in a "What now?" voice. She wanted to stay right
here. It was warm, and he had been doing so well.

"Yeah. I want to show you something amazing."

"Hmmm," Gwin was skeptical.

He took her hand, grabbed the continental pillow, and led her to the
full-length mirror. He stood behind her, with his left arm around her
waist.

"You are sexy, and I love you," he said.

"If you say so," said Gwin. She looked at herself. Her breasts looked
the way she had been feeling. Her belly, her waist. Whatever Herman was
seeing, she wasn't seeing it.

Herman dropped the pillow in front of them. "Kneel down, facing the
mirror," he said, and with his left arm still around her waist, he
pushed himself up behind her.

Then with the fingers of his right hand in her hair, and running them
over her skalp again, he kissed her neck.

"You are beautiful, and I love you," he said.

She looked at the way his hand was moving her hair. It was touselled,
and it did look a little sexy. The feeling of his fingers against her
head felt reassuring.

He brought his right hand around and across her chest, and up to the
right of her face, and then he traced down her jaw and the side of her
neck.

"I love your warmth. I love how you feel."

His fingers stroked over and around her left breast, and across to her
right.

"I love the puppies."

Gwin smiled. "The puppies" were his name for her breasts.

His fingers went down over her belly, they made a few circles around her
belly button, and then through her pubic hair.

"And obviously ..." he moved his hand to the side, "I love your thighs.
I looove your thighs."

His hand went down her right thigh, almost to her knee, and then moved
back up. His fingers went slowly between her legs, very, slowly, and
then back over her abdomen. He held her left breast with his right
hand, and moved his left hand up to cup her right breast.

Gwin watched him kiss her neck. "I want you," he said, "to touch
yourself."

She moved her right hand between her legs.

"Move your knees apart," he said. She did. "Just a little wider." She
did.

He moved his right hand from her breast back up to her head. He kissed
her neck. "Look how sexy you are," he told her.

There was something sexy about seeing her hand on her pussy, and his
hands on her body.

"It's not twenty-something sexy. It's hotter. It's got stories. It's
been places. It's done things. Your skin knows stuff. That's what makes
you hotter. That's why I want you."

He moved his left hand gently over her right hand, so that he could feel
her touching herself.

The fingers of his right hand still moved through her hair. "I want you
so much."

Gwin watched herself. He wasn't lying. She could feel that he was hard,
and pressing against her ass. He moved his left hand to her belly, and
pushed himself against her. Then he ran his fingers over her, her
belly, her breasts, down to her hips, her thighs. He was watching her.
She was watching herself, her hand, her fingers. Feeling her fingers.
Feeling the sensation. Feeling his fingers on her skin, his fingers in
her hair.

"You are beautiful."

The sensations were slowly building. As his hands moved over her, and
his words rubbed against the folds in her brain, and her fingers moved
and slipped and his fingers pushed and stroked, the sensations built
up, and up, until Gwin could feel the wave reaching the peak. The
whitecaps blowing off the crest. Her body tensed. And then the wave
crashed, and washed over her, ripple after ripple.

Herman held her, and kissed her face.

Then he led her back to bed, and slid in next to her.

"Aren't you---?" Gwin asked.

"This is for you," said Herman. "We can take care of me, maybe
tomorrow."

He held her, one hand in her hair, the other tracing swirls on her body.

When she turned to face him, he kissed her again, and then she asked,
"Did this have something to do with Molly?"

"Maybe. She called me the other day. Oh my goodness, Gwinny, that was
the weirdest phone call I have ever had."
