Molly isn't done yet
====================

.. todo:: set a date

"What is the purpose of the constitution?" asked Molly.

"It's for more than one thing, but primarily it's to limit the power of
government." Herman explained.

"That makes sense." Molly said. "So what about the Bill of Rights? The
name makes me think it's about declaring people's rights. Isn't it?"

"Ah, yes," said Herman. "It does both: It declares people's rights, and
it blocks the government, and other people, from taking away those
rights."

"Okay. So tell me about the Dobbs decision."

"You've been wanting to talk about this all along!" Herman guessed.

"All along. Weeks. Months." Molly admitted.

"Well, as you know, America is a federation of states. And states have
the right to decide their own local laws, to reflect the values of their
citizens," Herman explained.

"Ah, like the right to decide, each state for itself, whether their
citizens should have the right to own other people, and whether or not
those owned people have any rights at all." Molly had a lot more
self-control than most people, but that came out before she could stop
it.

"Slavery," Herman clarified.

"Slavery," Molly confirmed. "What I mean is, where is the line? I think
it's better if we just assume that you believe the Thirteenth Amendment
belongs in the US Constitution. So where do we draw the line between
what belongs in the US Constitution, and what should be up to each state
to decide?"

"Great question. And just to be clear, I do think the Thirteenth
Amendment belongs in the Constitution," said Herman.

"OK great," Molly applied a smile.

"This goes back to limiting the federal government's power to encroach
on the rights of women, and in this case, fetuses." Herman started, "And
in the case of abortion, we don't have any decisions or precedent about
the rights of fetuses."

"Maybe it's simpler than that," suggested Molly, "and, actually, you're
probably in an excellent position to understand this."

"How is that?" prompted Herman.

"The Harm Principle: Your right to swing your arm ends where my nose
begins," Molly explained. "And right now you have a fetus doing a lot
more harm to you than just swinging its arm into your nose. If it
weren't for Bruce Howard, it would kill you."

"I'm listening," said Herman.

"What I'm saying is that this isn't about women, or pregnancy. It's a
really simple freedom that I just don't see in the Constitution. Where
is our right to bodily autonomy? And how could that possibly be up to
each state to decide for itself. I mean isn't that more basic than the
Thirteenth Amendment?" asked Molly.

"Well, let's look at that." Herman pulled out his phone, and looked it
up. "Here you go. Nice and short: 'Neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any
place subject to their jurisdiction.'"

"Perfect," said Molly. "It's practically identical to bodily autonomy.
How about---what amendment number are we up to?"

"Twenty seven," supplied Herman.

"OK, how about the Twenty Eighth Amendment: 'The right of a person to
govern what happens to their body shall not be infringed, except as a
punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted,
within the United States, or any place subject to their
jurisdiction.'"

"Sounds reasonable," said Herman. "Write to your congressman."

"Really?" Molly stared at him.

"Yeah. That's how our democracy works."

"Oh for fuck sakes," Molly wasn't buying. "It doesn't though, does it?"

"I would say that it does. It just works very slowly."

"Way, way too slowly. How many dead women, how many broken lives, will
it take before we treat women the way men have always expected to be
treated. Expected, I must say, so implicitly, that since 1787 no
Congressman thought to enshrine this right."
